Update 02_connect_to_cluster.mdx (#1713)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/edbcloud/beta/using_cluster/02_connect_to_cluster.mdx

To connect to your cluster using a client other than `psql`:
1. Go to the [**Clusters**](https://portal.edbcloud.com/clusters) page.
2. Select the name of your cluster. 
3. Select the **Connect** tab. You can review and copy all the relevant information you need from this screen except for the `edb_admin` user password. Please consult the client driver documentation for the connection string format the driver uses.

## Best Practice Recommendation - SSL Mode

> Different clients can have different default SSL modes. For example, `psql` defaults to `prefer`, which means the client will attempt to establish a SSL connection but fall back to non-SSL if the server does not support it. In the `psql` example provided by EDB in the **Quick Connect** field, SSL mode is explicitly set to `require`, which means the client will attempt an SSL connection and fail if the connection to the server can't be encrypted. 

Reviewer: Can we do some sort of wordsmithing to note that we don't actually support SSL, that we support TLS (v1.2+), but PG still talks about SSL for historical reasons?

Author: @ba-edb Let me know if you agree with the latest changes.

> For public connections and in most environments, EDB recommends setting SSL mode to `verify-full`. This ensures that you connect to the server you specified and that the connection is encrypted. EDB Cloud generates *letsEncrypt* certificates, a trusted CA. Therefore, your client machine will need a CA Cert for Let's Encrypt[https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/]. Once the CA cert is in place on your client machine, add `PGSSLROOTCERT` and set `PGSSLMODE` to `verify-full` in your connection string to verify the certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For public connections and in most environments, EDB recommends setting SSL mode to `verify-full`. This ensures that you connect to the server you specified and that the connection is encrypted. EDB Cloud generates certificates with LetsEncrypt a widely trusted certificate authority. Your client machine may already have a bundled CA certificate for LetsEncrypt, e.g., at `/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt` or `/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem`. If it doesn't, your client machine will need a [CA certificate for Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/). Once the CA certificate is in place on your client machine, configure the `sslrootcert` parameter to its location and set the `sslmode` parameter to `verify-full` to verify the certificate to fully validate the connection:
```
